we're going to go over conclusion
calling in unity iPhone occlusion
culling is a rendering optimization that
allows us to ignore meshes which are
obscured from view of the camera so if
you look at our scene right now we have
about 900 draw calls on a little under
30,000 triangles so we're going to turn
on occlusion culling and reduce that so
the first thing you want to do is go to
game objects create other view area now
the view area is going to determine
where your camera can be and have
occlusion culling work so the first
thing we need to do is position our view
area around the camera so I'm just going
to do a quick small test of the view
area placing it on top of the camera and
not filling the entire room just so that
I can show you the differences between
when occlusion culling is on and when
it's not so I've positioned my view area
the next thing I'm going to do is go to
edit generate occlusion preview after
clicking this it does some calculations
which take a while and when we come back
we can see that we have significantly
fewer draw calls and polygons so if we
want to see exactly what occlusion
culling is doing you can go up to the
top of your scene view and select
occlusion now you'll see many of the
meshes turn off this is actually showing
us that the these are the meshes which
occlusion culling has deemed are
invisible to us right now if I move my
main camera out of the view area the
occlusion culling no longer works so all
of those meshes come back so this is why
we need to make sure that our view area
covers everywhere that the camera can
possibly go otherwise your player could
move the camera outside of it and
occlusion culling no longer helps us so
now I'm going to show you how to
position the view area like you would in
a real game so the easiest way I find to
do it is to go into an orthographic view
so that I can see
exactly how large my room is and I don't
have any of that perspective distortion
the key here is to fill the entire room
wall to wall but you don't want to go
outside of the walls you want to keep it
as close to that wall as you can so I'm
going to expand it out in my x and z
axes and it's already positioned
correctly in Y and then I can generate
my occlusion culling for the entire room
so again I'm going to go back to edit
generate a cosian preview now when I
click preview it didn't actually
generate our occlusion culling and the
reason for that is that occlusion
culling requires your mesh is to be
static so I go back select the meshes
that do not move and mark them as static
then when I click preview it will
generate the correct occlusion culling
so one of the key controls you have when
working with occlusion culling is cell
size if I select the cell size parameter
in my inspector and change it you'll see
these yellow cubes inside of my view
area changing size those are the cells
which visualize the sampling rate for
our occlusion culling system so if I
increase the density of those cells
we're going to be sampling more often so
you generally want to strike a balance
where you want these cells to be small
enough where they can share information
but you don't want to make it densely
packed like this this is a little
overkill and it's going to take a much
longer time to calculate so you want to
create a grid that looks more like this
less densely packed but you want a
fairly large number of cubes so that we
have a high sample rate now the number
of cells that you have is going to
affect your occlusion calculation time
but it's also affected by what you
select under generate occlusion so under
edit generate occlusion we have three
options the first option is preview
preview is recommended for when you're
working in the editor it is the fastest
solution you have but it's also our
least accurate calculation bill preview
is recommended for when you're building
to the device it's slower than preview
but it's a better calculation build
release is of course recommended for
when you are building your final release
application everything I've shown you so
far has been for static meshes but
occlusion culling can also call non
static meshes so in order to do this we
need to create a bounding volume area
and this bounding volume area looks
similar to a view area except instead of
defining where our camera can go this
bounding volume area tells us where non
static meshes can move and be cold by
occlusion culling so we position our
bounding volume areas in our scene and
then any object that passes through them
can be cold